fix(JS/RN/Flutter): update docs to include switcher for adding auth via CLI or existing resources (#5219)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/auth/js/getting-started.mdx

Amplify uses [Amazon Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) as the main authentication provider. Amazon Cognito is a robust user directory service that handles user registration, authentication, account recovery & other operations. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to add authentication to your application using Amazon Cognito and username/password login.

## Set Up Backend Resources

> To use Authentication with Amplify, you have the option to either have the Amplify CLI setup resources for you, or you can use an existing Amazon Cognito resource in your AWS account.

Reviewer: I like that suggestion. We'll probably have to do the same for push notifications

> To use Authentication with Amplify, you have the option to either have the Amplify CLI setup resources for you, or you can use an existing Amazon Cognito resource in your AWS account.

Author: Updated this sentence on all 3 instances where the preamble was added.

<BlockSwitcher>
<Block name="Amplify CLI">

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Reviewer: I think both might work - but we should change it to `amplify update auth`

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Reviewer: Looking at it more - I think we should simplify this and just keep things before the add command to

To set up the resources you need for Authentication, run the following command in your project's rood folder:

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Author: @tannerabread, I'll update the CLI command.  As for the simplification of the sentences, @abdallahshaban557 are you saying BOTH sentences should be removed and simplified to just the following: 

"To set up the resources needed for Authentication, run the following command in your project's root folder:"

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Author: Or did you mean update only the second sentence to that?

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Reviewer: I think we should remove everything except that sentence.

> If you have previously enabled an Amplify category that uses Auth behind the scenes, e.g. API category, you may already have an Auth configuration. In such a case, run `amplify auth update` command to edit your configuration. To start from scratch, run the following command in your project's root folder:

Author: Updated this section to have the same simplified sentence as the Push Notifications PR.

```bash
amplify console
```
</Block>
<Block name="Existing resources">

> If you want to re-use an existing authentication resource from AWS (e.g. Amazon Cognito UserPool or Identity Pool), update `Amplify.configure()` method with the following information.

Author: @tannerabread, that's a great callout.  Would the best solution be to move the [#Configure you application](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/getting-started/q/platform/js/#configure-your-application) section to be included WITHIN the switcher for the "Amplify CLI" block?

> If you want to re-use an existing authentication resource from AWS (e.g. Amazon Cognito UserPool or Identity Pool), update `Amplify.configure()` method with the following information.

Reviewer 2: That was my thought, just watch that if you do it this way that section also included the actual install of the amplify package so that would need to be included either before the block switcher (seems better to me) or _also_ in the existing resources section.

Also noticed that I was originally checking this under React Native selector and the JS page has the pre-built UI components which also include the install of the amplify package and `Amplify.configure(awsExports)` so maybe all the configuring could be handled in that top section and the installs elsewhere. Additionally with these UI sections, they import the resources as `awsExports` while the #Configure your application section called it `awsconfig`. Additionally additionally those 4 block switches are inconsistent with each other, not sure if that's something you'd want to handle in this PR

> If you want to re-use an existing authentication resource from AWS (e.g. Amazon Cognito UserPool or Identity Pool), update `Amplify.configure()` method with the following information.

Author: @tannerabread, that's a valid point and something I've seen as well.  Since we're doing `export default` from the `aws-exports.js` it won't matter as much, but agreed that our naming convention should be consistent within our docs to avoid confusion.  

Maybe that aspect can be addressed with a separate PR?  I can include it within this one but for now, I'll make minimal updates per the advice above on the BlockSwitcher including the "configure your application" steps.  As far as whether or not it should be above the BlockSwitcher, @abdallahshaban557 is there any preference here? 

I'd agree that having the `npm install aws-amplify` command could be above, but we'd need to just add some different verbiage around the `Amplify.configure()` part for CLI block.

> If you want to re-use an existing authentication resource from AWS (e.g. Amazon Cognito UserPool or Identity Pool), update `Amplify.configure()` method with the following information.

Author: Updated to include the "Existing Amazon resources..." verbiage of Push Notifications PR and also lifted the Config/Dependencies that were within the Blockswitcher to be above the switcher now.  There's a minimal sentence with link to the "Install Amplify Libraries" mirror the Push Notification PR as well. 

@abdallahshaban557, I put it ABOVE the Blockswitcher so that a customer isn't running through this section and then doesn't see the "Note that before..." until the end.  By placing it above the switcher, it also eliminates the text being duplicated in both blocks of the switcher.

Amplify.configure(awsconfig);
```

</Block>

<Block name="Manual Configuration">

Existing Authentication resources from AWS (e.g. Amazon Cognito UserPools or Identity Pools) can be used with the Amplify Libraries by calling the `Amplify.configure()` method. 

In your app's entry point (i.e. **App.js**, **index.js**, **_app.js**, or **main.js**), import and load the configuration file:

```javascript
import { Amplify, Auth } from 'aws-amplify';

Amplify.configure({

>     Auth: {
> 
>         // REQUIRED only for Federated Authentication - Amazon Cognito Identity Pool ID
>         identityPoolId: 'XX-XXXX-X:XXXXXXXX-XXXX-1234-abcd-1234567890ab',
>         
>         // REQUIRED - Amazon Cognito Region
>         region: 'XX-XXXX-X',
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito Federated Identity Pool Region 
>         // Required only if it's different from Amazon Cognito Region
>         identityPoolRegion: 'XX-XXXX-X',
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito User Pool ID
>         userPoolId: 'XX-XXXX-X_abcd1234',
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito Web Client ID (26-char alphanumeric string)
>         userPoolWebClientId: 'a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3',
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Enforce user authentication prior to accessing AWS resources or not
>         mandatorySignIn: false,
>         
>         // OPTIONAL - This is used when autoSignIn is enabled for Auth.signUp
>         // 'code' is used for Auth.confirmSignUp, 'link' is used for email link verification
>         signUpVerificationMethod: 'code', // 'code' | 'link' 
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Configuration for cookie storage
>         // Note: if the secure flag is set to true, then the cookie transmission requires a secure protocol
>         cookieStorage: {
>         // REQUIRED - Cookie domain (only required if cookieStorage is provided)
>             domain: '.yourdomain.com',
>         // OPTIONAL - Cookie path
>             path: '/',
>         // OPTIONAL - Cookie expiration in days
>             expires: 365,
>         // OPTIONAL - See: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite
>             sameSite: "strict" | "lax",
>         // OPTIONAL - Cookie secure flag
>         // Either true or false, indicating if the cookie transmission requires a secure protocol (https).
>             secure: true
>         },
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - customized storage object
>         storage: MyStorage,
>         
>         // OPTIONAL - Manually set the authentication flow type. Default is 'USER_SRP_AUTH'
>         authenticationFlowType: 'USER_PASSWORD_AUTH',
> 
>         // OPTIONAL - Manually set key value pairs that can be passed to Cognito Lambda Triggers
>         clientMetadata: { myCustomKey: 'myCustomValue' },
> 
>          // OPTIONAL - Hosted UI configuration
>         oauth: {
>             domain: 'your_cognito_domain',
>             scope: ['phone', 'email', 'profile', 'openid', 'aws.cognito.signin.user.admin'],
>             redirectSignIn: 'http://localhost:3000/',
>             redirectSignOut: 'http://localhost:3000/',
>             responseType: 'code' // or 'token', note that REFRESH token will only be generated when the responseType is code
>         }
>     }
> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amplify.configure({
  Auth: {
    // REQUIRED only for Federated Authentication - Amazon Cognito Identity Pool ID
    identityPoolId: "XX-XXXX-X:XXXXXXXX-XXXX-1234-abcd-1234567890ab",

    // REQUIRED - Amazon Cognito Region
    region: "XX-XXXX-X",

    // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito Federated Identity Pool Region
    // Required only if it's different from Amazon Cognito Region
    identityPoolRegion: "XX-XXXX-X",

    // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito User Pool ID
    userPoolId: "XX-XXXX-X_abcd1234",

    // OPTIONAL - Amazon Cognito Web Client ID (26-char alphanumeric string)
    userPoolWebClientId: "a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3",

    // OPTIONAL - Enforce user authentication prior to accessing AWS resources or not
    mandatorySignIn: false,

    // OPTIONAL - This is used when autoSignIn is enabled for Auth.signUp
    // 'code' is used for Auth.confirmSignUp, 'link' is used for email link verification
    signUpVerificationMethod: "code", // 'code' | 'link'

    // OPTIONAL - Configuration for cookie storage
    // Note: if the secure flag is set to true, then the cookie transmission requires a secure protocol
    cookieStorage: {
      // REQUIRED - Cookie domain (only required if cookieStorage is provided)
      domain: ".yourdomain.com",
      // OPTIONAL - Cookie path
      path: "/",
      // OPTIONAL - Cookie expiration in days
      expires: 365,
      // OPTIONAL - See: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite
      sameSite: "strict" | "lax",
      // OPTIONAL - Cookie secure flag
      // Either true or false, indicating if the cookie transmission requires a secure protocol (https).
      secure: true,
    },

    // OPTIONAL - customized storage object
    storage: MyStorage,

    // OPTIONAL - Manually set the authentication flow type. Default is 'USER_SRP_AUTH'
    authenticationFlowType: "USER_PASSWORD_AUTH",

    // OPTIONAL - Manually set key value pairs that can be passed to Cognito Lambda Triggers
    clientMetadata: { myCustomKey: "myCustomValue" },

    // OPTIONAL - Hosted UI configuration
    oauth: {
      domain: "your_cognito_domain",
      scope: [
        "phone",
        "email",
        "profile",
        "openid",
        "aws.cognito.signin.user.admin",
      ],
      redirectSignIn: "http://localhost:3000/",
      redirectSignOut: "http://localhost:3000/",
      responseType: "code", // or 'token', note that REFRESH token will only be generated when the responseType is code
    },
  },
});
```

// You can get the current config object
const currentConfig = Auth.configure();
```
<Callout warning={true}>

> If your existing UserPool client has a required attribute that is NOT set to mutable, you may face login issues when using Social sign in. To resolve this, you will need to <ExternalLink href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/user-pool-settings-client-apps.html">create a new UserPool client</ExternalLink> and mark the required attribute as mutable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your existing UserPool client has a required attribute that is NOT set to mutable, you may face login issues when using Social sign-in. To resolve this, you will need to <ExternalLink href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/user-pool-settings-client-apps.html">create a new UserPool client</ExternalLink> and mark the required attribute as mutable.
```
